all right what's up people Hunter spoke
riders I took about a 30 day break in
the car I haven't done anything in about
a month to the car I just took a break
because I want to go on a little trip
and just spend money on other stuff I
didn't really want to spend the money on
it last month so back on again the first
I have did a few things to it within
that month I haven't really spent the
money on it I did take out the carpet
but the new project so far is the main
area I promise with it was a driver side
window that's why I got both the door
panels off I woke up this morning I told
myself well I got to figure out what was
wrong with this window because this
window right there you can hear the
motor run we hit the switch but it
wouldn't go up and down and falling off
the track and you know you can pull it
up but you can push it right back down
and you know what I'm coming up and down
and I'll tell you how I did that well I
didn't do it but I did pick off these
door panels and this morning on both
sides and I basically sit out here
scratch my head try to figure out
well the pastor side works for the
driver's side didn't so I was trying to
look at the driver side see if it was
missing any pieces off of the passenger
side and see what was broken why I
wasn't working and after about three
hours and switched my ass off and
sweating my ass off and out here in the
sun and trying to figure out what I
could I just couldn't figure out you
know what the hell was not made well by
wasn't working so I end up tearing the
hell with it and take you to my favorite
a glass / muffler shop I knew if anybody
would fix it a good so I just got back
to the shop you know a cost me hundred
bucks but you know it's money well spent
because he got picked your battles you
know I try to do as much as I can to the
car but some things you just don't know
about and the inner workings of the
window track is not one of them of my
specialties so I just took him to the
glass guys they talk behind a buck so I
had me in and out 19 harbor now and it
was done because I was just tired
looking at it it was nasty and I just
didn't want to deal with it anymore so I
pulled the seats out and then also I
tore the carpet out but then I put the
seats back in because I had to drive to
the shop to get my window fish also i
ordered a grant steering wheel I love
grant steering wheels I've had almost
every grant stand where they make not
all of them but almost all of them i
usually put a grant my car i had to
special order this one I didn't have it
in stock so it should be in today or
tomorrow so you'll be seeing a video of
installing that near future now what
went on today is we put the key in
ignition
my window the passenger side window
always rolled up and down and I tried to
look at it and I took the panel off I
just couldn't figure out you know what
was what i am missing this little bar
here for that grab handle i just put
that back on there you know I know where
everything goes but so far this is a now
I I assume that putting new I don't know
whether they put new pieces in it or
what but you know to me it was well
worth 100 bucks because I was out here
for three hours I figure out why it
wasn't working see before it would stop
this right there it wouldn't go down no
further and I could just pick it up and
pull it up and the window would move
freely it was off the track so you know
who took it to the boys up there at the
glass shop hundred bucks one hour and
you know they got me working right yeah
this was a major thing for me because
you know I didn't even like leaving my
car at the store nothing says you know
anybody could just you know come walk up
to it and push the window down so now
that got my windows working the other
wire I've seen that was off for the
power window or I'm sorry enough hi
windows
both sides work they go up and down I'm
in danger quietus and like a brand new
car but you know long as they going up
and down there you know I guess supposed
to I gotta check a wire one of the black
wires off imma see if that's the reason
why the power locks don't work but my
main thing was the power windows now I
got the pop-up window that were in the
game again definitely back on it took
that silly blue cover off as you see the
dash is a tore up the toy down but uh
you know I guess I can't complain she
still fires up and running so today I'm
get these door panels back on reinstall
these switches and check out the power
locks strip that wire back and see what
that does and the power locks I'm really
not too much concerned with because I
still got the pullers I could pull it in
and out I'm a sniper that serious my
main thing was the power windows man is
that right there
yeah you know just being able to roll it
all the way down and rolled all the way
up that puts me back in the game right
there I like that so that's what
happened today got my window going and I
well I turn the car but you get the idea
I got the window going and that's
why I need it right there you know have
a nice little break above I just I'm
sometimes a little break and then step
back away from the car you know cuz if
you work on your car every day all day
you get burnt out end up just 91 mess
with it so short panels back on figured
you know you got to pick your battles
you know some things it's worth the
money to just take them to the shop and
let the pros deal with them you know
people who do it all day to get done a
lot quicker than you can I mean once 100
bucks you know so now you know now I'm
back on track windows back on track
window working right up and down never
really had a problem with the passenger
side passenger side always work right
the driver sighs the one I had the
problems with but got that window
popping off now you know and that that
was one major hurdle right there you
know just getting that getting that to
that point step closer to completion
man's just you know for me and I had so
many rims so many stereos you know this
and that to me it's the little stuff
that you're not get excited about I get
more excited about the little stuff
working you know like my windows
window goes up and down all the way I'm
happy for the day and actually moves
faster now than my damn ma passenger
side but uh it is what it is how to
spell riders on signing out